Clarify when saga not found handlers are executed (#5277)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/sagas/saga-not-found.md

Note that in the example above the message will be considered successfully processed and sent to the audit queue even if no saga was found. Throw an exception from the `IHandleSagaNotFound` implementation to cause the message to end up in the error queue.

> Note: If there are multiple saga types that handle a given message type and one of them is found while others are not, the `IHandleSagaNotFound` handlers **will not be executed**. The `IHandleSagaNotFound` handlers are only executed if no saga instances are invoked.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: If there are multiple saga types that handle a given message type and one of them is found while others are not, the `IHandleSagaNotFound` handlers **will not be executed**. The `IHandleSagaNotFound` handlers are only executed if no saga instances are invoked. The following table illustrates when the not found handlers are invoked in case when a message is mapped to two different saga types, A and B.

| Saga A found | Saga B found | Not found handler invoked |
|--------|--------|---------|
| ✔️    | ✔️     | ✔️     |
| ✔️    | ❌     | ✔️     |
| ❌    | ❌     | ❌     |
```

> Note: If there are multiple saga types configured to handle a given message type and one of them is found while others are not, the `IHandleSagaNotFound` handlers **will not be executed**. The `IHandleSagaNotFound` handlers are only executed if none of the mapped sagas is found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If there are multiple saga types configured to handle a given message type and one of them is found while others are not, the `IHandleSagaNotFound` handlers **will not be executed**. The `IHandleSagaNotFound` handlers are only executed if no saga instances are invoked.
```

> 

Reviewer: | Saga A | Saga B | Invoked |
|--------|--------|---------|
| ✔️    | ✔️     | ✔️     |
| ✔️    | ❌     | ✔️     |
| ❌    | ❌     | ❌     |

Reviewer: @SzymonPobiega I had a hard time understanding the above guidance. Could we make some type of illustrated version?
